This is my mentor, Doctor
Jafali.
How are you?
Oh my God, this is my first live ever.
I've never done live before.
What is this?
My first?
I've never done live in my whole life because I was so
subconscious that Oh my God, people will be watching on
digital and what are they going to be thinking?
And then the first one is for you.
I've been dragging this moment since last June because last
year.
OK guys, I'm going to go briefly into like How I Met Doctor
Jafali and then we're going to dive into the real conversation.
Last June, on my birthday last year of my 20s, I felt like I
failed life because I had achieved everything on my bucket
list, but I was so miserable on the inside.
It was like jumping from one relationship to another, going
to everyone.
Do you love me?
Do you love me to feel good about myself.
So then I watched a video.
It was Doctor Shepali on Oprah called Super Soul Sunday.
You got to watch it if you haven't.
And she started to talk about how as women we find our worth
and value by getting external validation from others.
And I was like that that that is exactly how I'm feeling.
And I reached out to her and I
was supposed to go on live with
her last year.
But I, the voice of I'm not worth it.
I'm not good enough has been killing me and it's Doctor
Shepali, said.
Megan, I want you to follow my lead for a year and I promise
you after a year you will be transformed.
Guys, this is not the cliche stuff you read on books.
I'm living proof.
This is my mission because I was the girl that was reading those
books and listening to the experts saying you can be
transformed, you can be happier, you can't feel joy.
And I was like, nice books, nice writings.
It is true.
I am a different person after a year and the fact that I can
even do this life.
I know for you it might be very little, but for me this is a big
deal.
It took me a year to feel like
I'm worth it.
To do a life with a woman That I
she's my Buddha.
I adore her.
I she saved my life.
This is not complimenting anybody.
This is real life.
She changed my destiny.
I will go into this later, but this is not about me.
This is about her work and how she can transform you, Doctor
trolley.
Sorry, was such a long intro.
But thank you.
Thank you.
We're here a year later.
No.
So.
So Megan, you know you and this is what I tell everyone, they
people want to change, right?
And I say and they want me to like fix them right away and
give them the strategies.
And I say it takes six months to a year and it takes time.
But you had all the ingredients that it took, and that's why I
was committed to you.
And what are the ingredients?
And if people don't have these ingredients, they will not come
to the threshold of change.
So what are the ingredients?
The ingredients are a lot of pain, right?
That's the first thing you have to have enough pain that you are
tired and you realize that this
**** doesn't work anymore,
right?
You have to be willing to look in the mirror and go, my crap
doesn't work anymore.
I need help.
That's the You have to come to your knees.
And you were on your knees, number one, and and humble
enough to ask for help.
And then #2, you were dedicated and committed and you trusted,
right?
You surrendered your trust to me and then followed like, and I
hate to talk like that, like, because I sound like like, oh,
we have to be dictators if you're a therapist, but you
followed step by step, step by step.
And many times we we went backwards and forwards and
backwards and forwards and backwards and forwards.
But that is the that is the process to to growth and it
takes time, right.
Who you are today is not who you were in the beginning and it's
hard to do believe that but you trust it and I think trust is is
what you gave me and that's that's so rare to find somebody
that you can trust and that they can hold you and they don't drop
you.
And that's why therapy and a coach are such valuable
processes because if you find a good therapist they will re
parent you and re rebirth you into a new way.
But you did all the work.
You know you somebody's asking you why you're crying because it
because I it does feel like a rebirth.
It does feel like I was born again.
I when I think about myself last year, it was around my birthday
in June and it was just life was so empty on the inside and so
painful.
The suffering was at its peak to the point that I had forgotten
that it is possible to feel joy on the inside.
And then when I met you, it was like you were my last resort.
I was like, if I don't trust her, I can not trust anybody
else.
So I was like, I'm just gonna go into it benignly because this is
my last resort and a year later everything has changed for me.
And then the crazy thing is when you change internally, your
external world does change.
Like all the magic stuff is real.
So what was.
So let me translate that.
So first, you know, the process of healing takes time.
Then it takes humility and it takes a willingness to look at
your shadow, right.
So what we did together, what I
teach people in my work, and I'm
having a big event in two weeks.
You're coming for it.
And what I'm going to teach at the event evolve is that you
have to be willing to look at your patterns.
Right.
When, Megan, you began to realize, oh, my God, I'm in a
pattern.
And many times, Megan, you were so cute.
You would be like, what is this pattern called?
And I would come up with a name.
I don't know, but I think it's called this.
But it's it's it's what?
What is The point of that is you begin to label your patterns.
You begin to see that, damn, I'm doing the same thing over and
over.
And what you did so beautifully, which is so important, is that
you began to take a pause before you started the next pattern.
Like the same pattern, right.
So you began to take a pause.
And that's what people do, say in Alcoholics Anonymous.
When they have the urge to drink, they call the sponsor.
When you have the urge to repeat the pattern, you called me,
right?
So you create a pause, and then you begin to realize, OK, I
don't have to do the same pattern.
I can go a different way.
And this is the power of the work I do, which is to give
choices.
And when you begin to, you know, act out a new choice, you're
like, wow, wow, I did it.
Like there were days when you did new things and you were
like, oh, my God, I did it.
I did it.
I did it.
And this is, this is the process of starting to walk all over
again, right?
You learn to walk all over again.
This is the power of of the work, of the consciousness
movement, of this beautiful work where you learn to become
conscious and you're becoming so conscious, you're becoming
awakened.
That's such a beautiful gift.
It's the most beautiful gift
I've ever been given.
And before I dive in, I want to add this one more thing for the
audience, guys.
Doctor Shapali restored my faith in humanity.
If you're at a point in your life where you're like, I cannot
trust anybody, everybody will dump me.
I was that girl.
I was that insecure girl that couldn't trust that anybody will
keep loving me and won't drop me.
I was just waiting for the next person to drop me.
Men, women, didn't matter.
I was just waiting for the next person to say, you know what,
enough of Megan.
I'm going to abandon her.
But there are people out there that are willing to sacrifice
for you and to help you to find you as a diamond in the rough
and really Polish you up.
And Doctor Chapal, you did that for me.
And that is something that I
will forever cherish.
And it's just my duty to try to help other women awaken and
touch their hearts so they're open to receiving help from you.
And so I'm ready to dive in.
So my first, my very first experience with you was when I
read your book Radical
Awakening.
And it was a radical awakening.
I'm like, wow, what is this woman talking about?
What is radical awakening And living with consciousness.
What does it really mean to become conscious?
Well, to radically awaken means to do 2 things.
You have to heal from the messaging from your childhood.
All of us, or many of us.
Most of us were raised with lies, from our parents,
unconsciousness.
So maybe we had a mother or a father who said you're not
beautiful, you're not worthy, you're not significant, you're
not powerful.
So the first part of radically awakening is to change these
messages from childhood.
And then the second part of radical awakening is to change
cultures.
Messages inside you like what we women have been told.
That you need to be skinny, or you need to be beautiful, or you
need to have a man on your arm.
These are the lies we women have been told.
So to radically awaken is to begin to examine your belief
systems and deconstruct them and discard them, disrupt them so
that you can begin to live with consciousness and choice and
awareness.
And then you really helped me find my authentic self through
shedding years of trauma and layers after layers.
And then you started to address ego.
What is that ego that's killing all of us?
So in childhood because our authentic self was not seen.
So in when childhood we all had a voice and we knew our voice
and we knew what we liked and we knew what we didn't like.
But if it didn't match with our parents, they told us no, no,
no, no, you can't do that, right?
So you have to create a fake self, a false self to please
them.
And that fake false self is what we call the ego.
So in in reclaiming your authentic self, you have to
learn to listen to yourself.
So you have to always go back.
What do you think?
What do I believe in?
You have to go inward and stop looking for answers on the
outside, right?
And that process is very hard because we women especially are
addicted to finding answers to our relationships through people
who have money to through, you know, through influence.
And we don't know how to look inside.
So then it's so interesting.
Once I did the work with you and you really, I always say, I
always say Doctor Shefali polished me up.
She really you remove layers and layers of trauma to find my
authentic self that was buried underneath all of that.
My authentic self.
I'm back to my 5 year old with wisdom this time, but I'm
remembering myself when I was a kid and all the stuff that would
give me joy, they're all back to me when it comes to authentic
self.
How can we help women go back to who they were before the
traumas, before the social conditioning?
Yeah, it takes, it takes a long time, it takes work.
And that's why I teach my courses that take time or doing
this weekend evolve in two weeks, which is 4 days.
Why?
Because it's serious, You know, if you want to take your
emotional health seriously, you have to spend time.
We spend time on our jobs.
We spend time making money or making our bodies better, but we
don't spend the time to heal.
So you go through this process of uncovering the layers and and
slowly you peel back to where you once were before the trauma.
But it takes a whole process and it's such a powerful process and
and like you, many people who go through it, after a year or
after six months, they're reborn and they feel such great love
for themselves again that they had forgotten, right.
Correct.
And then what is.
So we're guys as you know,
Doctor Shefali is hosting her
wonderful annual event called
Evolve in Atlanta October 21st
to 24th.
And we're taking a group of women in need that Doctor
Shefali, with the generosity of her heart, is supporting and is
helping them awaken.
Chavali.
What's the first step to the awakening process?
Like when people are coming to
EVOLVE, what is the first step
you're taking them through?
Let me ask you, can you still hear me?
Yes.
OK.
So the first step at Evolve when people come to my seminar is
that they are going to begin to understand their biggest
triggers.
So we always start with the biggest pain points, right?
What is hurting you now?
And when I begin to help people deconstruct the biggest triggers
in their lives, it takes them straight to their greatest
trauma.
And through our pain we begin to understand how we're Co creating
our suffering.
And you know so for example many people who are coming up parents
so they have conflict with their children and they think it's the
children's fault or we have many people who are in relationships
who believe it's the relationship, the other person's
fault.
And slowly I show them how they are Co creating.
They're not the only ones but they're not fully victims
either.
They are Co creating the reality and when you begin to see it in
real time, you begin to make different choices.
So that's what I'm going to lead people through emotional
exercises to show them how they've been living the same
pattern over and over again.
So when as a woman, when you come to Evolve, you're going to
first start to address the main point of trauma, correct?
What are the curriculums?
Walk me through the process.
I I know the process, but I'm super excited for other women to
benefit from it, other people in general.
But obviously I have a soft spot for women, right?
So in at Evolve, my summit, we are going to go through.
I don't have the exact order of things, but we're going to
understand our triggers, disrupt our patterns, find new ways of
relating choices.
What does it mean to have a choice?
And we're going to practice that.
So when people leave, evolve, they leave with the tools and
strategies to go back into their old relationships with actual
strategies and choices that they have practiced all weekend.
So when you come, you're going to see.
I can't give a lot away, but I'm going to keep helping people
understand their their main ego triggers.
That's the main thing in healing.
You have to see how triggered you get and why.
And once you understand the why, then you can do the how how to
change.
But if you don't understand the why, you won't do the how.
So the first step is really looking at yourself from the
outside.
Yes.
Like a like a specimen in a laboratory.
It's like looking yourself from the outside in.
And then you begin to create changes from inside out.
Right.
Wow.
Yeah, so I want to add something.
This is the first time in my life since age 15 that I'm
single and I'm not looking for validation by having a man by my
side.
For 15 years, I was conditioned that I'm only good enough.
I'm only good enough if they're
I have a boyfriend or I have a
partner that validates me.
And I'm here because you helped me.
For women out there that are seeking validation through their
romantic partner, if they were to come to evolve, how how do
you think we can help them transcend this belief, limiting
belief that their value comes from their partner?
Well, so first is to understand that they've been given that
information as data and that that data is wrong.
So at first, just the awareness that wow, it could be a lie.
Wow, the other women out there who have divorced or who are not
in a relationship, and wow, look at them.
They look like you.
They look so worthy.
They look so confident.
Wow, How does she do it?
And then through listening to each other's stories, we realize
that, wow, they do it because they have found something inside
themselves.
And once we allow women to tap into their own friendship, their
own companionship, their own best soulmate, that's within
them, right?
That's what's missing is we didn't think that the
relationship with ourselves was important.
We were never told that the relationship to ourselves is
important.
We were always told the relationship to our parents,
relationship to God, relationship to our boyfriends
and the men in our lives was more important than the
relationship to ourselves.
And that's the fundamental key to spiritual awakening is when
you realize that you, you, yourself, and your connection to
yourself is the greatest medicine, the greatest bomb, the
most money in the world, the greatest wealth.
That is the power that changes the world.
Wow.
So guys, come to EVOLVE.
Join me at EVOLVE.
I'm urging you.
I'm asking you because the gift you're going to receive during
this seminar, you cannot compare it with anything else you've
ever received.
It's going to be the most precious thing you've ever
received.
You're going to receive you.
You're gonna find you.
Because when you said a relationship with yourself, I
used to feel lonely when I was alone.
I used to avoid being by myself.
And I didn't know why.
I'm like, what's the point of life if I'm supposed to be by
myself?
When you have a relationship with yourself?
There is a soul mate, there is a sister, there is a mother,
there's a father right here that you can connect with like this.
You don't need to go anywhere.
It's right here with within you.
And Doctor Shapali helps you find you.
And this if you lost, if you, if you don't know about your
purpose, you don't know about what what you are, what what
you're doing in this world, which is where I was at.
I was at a point when I reached out to you.
I was like, what's the point of my existence in the world of
form?
Why am I even here?
It was.
The whole point was to suffer and go through one trauma after
another.
And that is not the point of life.
The point of life is not to survive, it is to thrive.
And you are enabling that.
You're helping women find themselves helping people.
Sorry, I keep saying women because I just know that once we
help women wake up, we everybody else will wake up.
Because as women, when we wake up, we force others to wake up.
The kids, the partners, the men, the, you know, word colleagues.
I want if you were to condense your message in one sentence for
people that are looking up to you and they want to come to
evolve to learn from you, what would that be?
Well, you know, everybody asks for the elevator pitch, but it's
it's really hard and it changes every day.
So for today, the elevator pitch of my message is that to truly
be free, one has to remove all the false layers of your masks.
And when you do, you touch upon who it is you authentically are.
And there is liberation.
And it's such a beautiful feeling.
You can see it in Megan's face.
You know, she she looks like a load is off her because she has
reclaimed what she left behind in her childhood.
It was always within her, but she had forgotten that she had
it and she just needed a mirror to remind her that she always
had the power within.
And once you unleash that power, it's like explosion.
It's a volcano.
Nothing can stop a woman, especially who refines herself.
And I say women more than men because women, I had to climb
higher to reclaim their power.
You know, dig deeper because culture is kind of more cruel or
more hard on us and and it's not not that it's not cruel to men
but you know we get it a little rougher and women of color get
it rougher and and so on and so forth.
So we need to support women.
We need to support each other like I did for you.
You're doing for me and other women.
Megan is trying to sponsor other women to come to Evolve and
finding money for them And this is what we do when we're
inspired.
We help other people.
So if people are interested in coming to evolve the the website
is Evolve, EVOLBE Evolve with.
Dr.
For Doctor shefali.com Shefali dot.
It's all one word.
Or you can just go to my
Instagram, Doctor Shefali and
find me there.
But yeah, Megan, you're a testament to the power of this
work.
And then the contagious effect, the infectious nature of
healing.
Once you are infected with healing, you spread the word.
And I, I I love that you said once.
You're infected with healing guys.
You are going to be infected with healing once you're at
Evolve and the link is in my bio.
Also, for those of you, if you can't attend but you want to
support one of our beautiful women in need, go to my Lincoln
Bio.
There is an option if you would like to donate to a woman in
need that's going to go to
Evolve and Doctor Shafali will
help them heal their traumas and transforming that woman from
being a passive member of the society to becoming an active
member of the society.
Just Doctor Shafali, just imagine we have over hundreds of
millions of women around the world, especially women of
color, that they're not awakened, they haven't awakened
to their full power.
Imagine if women would wake up to their power.
Wow, they can lift up this world.
Wow.
This world will be a better place.
Yeah.
Oh, absolutely.
And that's why, you know, most of my work is with parents
because when parents release their children, right, Then we
won't have as much trauma as we have.
So then we don't have adults who are walking around in so much
pain.
Imagine if your childhood was different or somebody else's
childhood was different.
So we have to keep doing this work.
And that's the mission.
And that's the intention.
I have a coaching institute for people who want to do this work
and be trained by me.
I also have a coaching institute and that's starting in November
as well.
So many things, but, but, but for now, we want to focus on
Evolve and if people want to come to Atlanta, Megan's going
to be there.
I'm going to be there and hundreds of other beautiful like
hearted humans are going to be there.
So hopefully we're going to see you there guys.
I can't wait to hold your hand
That evolved and cheer for you
while Doctor Shepali is waking you up.
Basically.
She's literally, she told me wake up, wake up and you
suddenly wake up from the nightmare of all of your trauma
and the world will become a better place for you.
And and the the beautiful part is then you give it forward.
Like I didn't ask Megan to do this.
She wanted to do it.
I didn't ask her to come to eval.
She wanted to come to eval.
Then it's out there.
Once you heal, that's why you have to heal your children,
because they go out there and they do better in the world and
the world begins to heal.
So, Megan, you've never done a live before.
So can I just tell you some advice when you get off?
Yeah.
Because I have deleted so many lives.
So when you get off, it's going to give you an option to save it
and share this video.
So you have to make sure you don't delete it.
I have deleted so many lives and then it's gone.
Like you cannot get it back.
Oh, wow.
OK Oh, no, no, no.
We're getting this back.
We're we're we're not.
Be careful when you put it off.
You can call somebody or call me and I'll help you.
And you have to you have to share.
I think the option is share this video.
Yes.
And then you write a caption and then you do it.
So somebody else is coming to evolve.
They just said I'm coming.
So hopefully we'll see you there.
It's in Atlanta in October.
In 11 days.
I cannot believe Megan and I
will see each other for the
first time.
We've never seen each other, but you would never know that.
And we're going to enjoy and celebrate the rebirthing of the
authentic self.
I know I can't.
The.
I'm glad that we're meeting now because the person you're
meeting now is my true self.
That's lovely.
So one last year was with a mask.
We're we're waiting.
And it's beautiful.
Thank you all for joining us.
Thank you, Megan, so much.
Thank you so much.
Can't wait to see you guys.
See you at Evolve.
Can't wait.
Thank you Megan.
Bye love.